README.md, before:

# 👋 Hey, I’m Hina!

Welcome to my **coding space** ✨  
I’m a **BCA 3rd Year student** and an **aspiring software developer** who loves learning, building projects, and improving every day 🚀  

I’m a student exploring programming and gradually building my skills through practice.
---

## 🚀 What Drives Me

- 💻 Learning new technologies step by step  
- 🧠 Improving problem-solving & coding skills  
- 🤝 Growing through collaboration and open-source

---

## 🧰 Tech Toolbox ( `Skills` )

![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-E34F26?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1572B6?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=flat&logo=java&logoColor=white)

![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-007ACC?style=flat&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)

---
![Visitor Badge](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Hina7253&style=flat-square)
---

### 📊 GitHub Stats
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Hina7253&show_icons=true&count_private=true&hide_border=true&bg_color=45deg,0f2027,203a43,2c5364&title_color=ffffff&text_color=EAEAEA&icon_color=F9D423" height="170"/>
</p>




---

## 🔧 Featured Projects

<details>
<summary>🛒 Amazon Clone</summary>

A simple **Amazon homepage clone** built using HTML & CSS to practice frontend fundamentals.

**Tech Stack:** HTML, CSS  

#### ✨ Features
- Clean UI layout  
- Responsive design basics  
- Beginner-friendly project

</details>

<details>
<summary>🤖 ML Prediction App</summary>

A **machine learning based prediction app** created using Python to understand ML basics and real-world implementation.

**Tech Stack:** Python, ML Libraries  

#### ✨ Features
- Simple prediction logic  
- Beginner-level ML workflow  
- Learning-focused project

</details>

---

## 🎯 Goals

- 💼 Crack a good **software development internship**  
- 🌱 Master **Java, React & Spring Boot**  
- 🚀 Become a confident **Software Developer**

---

## 🌐 Let’s Connect

- 💼 LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/hina-569635334/
- 💻 GitHub: https://github.com/Hina7253

---

## 🤓 Fun Facts
- 🎧 I love listening to music  
- 📚 Always trying to improve my English & coding skills  
- 💙 I enjoy learning new things, even if it takes time

---

### Thanks for visiting my profile 😊  
⭐ Feel free to explore my repositories and connect!

Commit message:

Revise introduction in README.md
Updated personal introduction to reflect current learning journey.

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hey, I’m Hina!

Welcome to my **coding space** ✨  
I’m a **BCA 3rd Year student** and an **aspiring software developer** who loves learning, building projects, and improving every day 🚀  
I’m on a learning journey, improving my coding skills and building projects along the way.

---

## 🚀 What Drives Me

- 💻 Learning new technologies step by step  
- 🧠 Improving problem-solving & coding skills  
- 🤝 Growing through collaboration and open-source

---

## 🧰 Tech Toolbox ( `Skills` )

![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-E34F26?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1572B6?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=flat&logo=java&logoColor=white)

![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-007ACC?style=flat&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)

---
![Visitor Badge](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Hina7253&style=flat-square)
---

### 📊 GitHub Stats
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Hina7253&show_icons=true&count_private=true&hide_border=true&bg_color=45deg,0f2027,203a43,2c5364&title_color=ffffff&text_color=EAEAEA&icon_color=F9D423" height="170"/>
</p>




---

## 🔧 Featured Projects

<details>
<summary>🛒 Amazon Clone</summary>

A simple **Amazon homepage clone** built using HTML & CSS to practice frontend fundamentals.

**Tech Stack:** HTML, CSS  

#### ✨ Features
- Clean UI layout  
- Responsive design basics  
- Beginner-friendly project

</details>

<details>
<summary>🤖 ML Prediction App</summary>

A **machine learning based prediction app** created using Python to understand ML basics and real-world implementation.

**Tech Stack:** Python, ML Libraries  

#### ✨ Features
- Simple prediction logic  
- Beginner-level ML workflow  
- Learning-focused project

</details>

---

## 🎯 Goals

- 💼 Crack a good **software development internship**  
- 🌱 Master **Java, React & Spring Boot**  
- 🚀 Become a confident **Software Developer**

---

## 🌐 Let’s Connect

- 💼 LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/hina-569635334/
- 💻 GitHub: https://github.com/Hina7253

---

## 🤓 Fun Facts
- 🎧 I love listening to music  
- 📚 Always trying to improve my English & coding skills  
- 💙 I enjoy learning new things, even if it takes time

---

### Thanks for visiting my profile 😊  
⭐ Feel free to explore my repositories and connect!
